Add guide on how to export and import data (#1587)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/guides/essentials/export-import-data/index.md

 [✔] Dump directory nyc-open-data/yellow-taxi imported
 [ℹ] Successfully imported 21782 documents in "nyc-open-data:green-taxi"
 [✔] Dump directory nyc-open-data/green-taxi imported
```

## Export internal data

To export all internal data, you can use [Elasticdump](https://www.npmjs.com/package/elasticdump#multielasticdump) and export all internal collections.  

This will export:
 - data from the internal collections: `roles`, `profiles`, `users`, `api-keys`, `validations` and `config`.
 - plugin collections

::: warning
It is necessary to export the plugin collections if you want to keep the user authentication information because they are stored in the internal storage space of each plugin.  
:::

```bash
# Export all internal collections
$ multielasticdump --direction dump --input http://localhost:9200 --output ./dump --match '%'.
```

::: info
If you want to export only roles and profiles, you can use the commands `kourou role:export` and `kourou profile:export`.
:::

## Import internal data

To import internal data, you can use [Elasticdump](https://www.npmjs.com/package/elasticdump#multielasticdump) and the files generated by the export.  

::: warning

> It is advisable to turn off Kuzzle during import because this operation is not atomic and the interactions performed with the API during import could cause an integrity problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is advisable to turn off Kuzzle during import because this operation is not atomic and the interactions performed with the API during import could cause integrity problems. 
```
